- [Instructor] In order to get the most out of this course,
let's take a look at the basic skills
that we definitely need,
which will help us on our way
when we get on with the course.
The first thing is, a practical experience
with all the fundamentals of the Java Standard Edition APIs
is necessary.
We're going to use Java version 1.8,
and it will be really good if you know thoroughly
the APIs under it.
You have to be comfortable using Eclipse, NetBeans,
or any other integrated development environment
to do all your development activity.
Experience using an application server
like Jboss, WebLogic, or GlassFish or any other,
will really help because this course is going to talk about
an enterprise environment.
Basic knowledge of Enterprise JavaBean APIs
is also required because we are going to use these APIs
when we build applications as a part of this course.
Lastly, we are going to develop a RESTful web service,
and a basic to intermediate knowledge of RESTful services
is also required for this course.
Lastly, we are going to have few database interactions,
so it is always good to know few database concepts.